tanan is missing the musiquinha of the voice of brazil here thinking about replacing it
good night in brasília g 9 o'clock on thursday 18 july plus a boo and
you can be sure there are a lot of good things to inform all of you here on the left
my lisângela our internal pounds is an imposition in the suggestion of the first
lady michelle is right and she always accompanies us in this event that is
very good for those who have some kind of disability
on the right the other captain is our darling of the transport injector
an army captain did exactly as I did the military academy of the needles
blacks later I did and he made the inite
engineering unit and then tendered for the bed and mattress a vacancy
for the specialty in two deaths and was playing first first in the
imi from your engineering class was also a place in the second was the second
it has the character of a very scene [Laughter]
smart is smart so there is a job in the future issue
difficult complex touches almost everything in brazil all regarding infrastructure have
the problems also of politicians is that it is not easy and it is not the entrepreneur let's
say that he often takes care of his company but nothing there and tries to
fulfilling the mission has the political issue as well and we have to fulfill that
vision today we who live 200 days
is from our government the most important is going to be quite brief is knowledge of
you the question of our our trade agreement
european union mercosur ué you see our church used to be quite
advanced with the support of my place victor in the right corner and all countries
agree with our entry some small details are missing for it to be
made effective
there is also a different American message in the American parliament for
that brazil is part of the select group and not a member of nato but a great ally
and sultan the traffic would like to change the statute for us to enter as
really nato members this will be discussed up front but
we have advanced the question of mercosur with other countries or blocs
we have exploratory conversations with the united states and japan no more
nothing less than the first is the second economy in the world may already be the
calm calm united states i will already remember this little piece talk that i
I put Japan's second economy and up to 6 the first and the third is economy by
coincidence or not our biggest trading partner is the second economy
in the world that china is scheduled to travel there
we are also somewhat ahead of this mercosur agreement with south korea
singapore and canada in japan when i was there it is worth talking about golán is the
for the first Japanese trip was marked by chile the end of the year will
going through brazil this is almost right at the time but not even lunch
sponsor or I will make the kitty in the capital area and will pay for a barbecue
among the Japanese entourage, because like when I can, I can already
talking right you just criticized that I went to the turkey steakhouse one day for an uncle who
make me go where I certainly didn’t go to eat sushi right there and
steakhouse hair and Australian meat
with all due respect it does not compare with white meat when the Japanese like the
our meat here they will pay attention to do comedy with the Atacane with
all certainty 200 days a lot an important thing too
that will happen in a little while I had with Marcos Mion that
Even Marcos Mion is ahead in the matter of
a census is conducted from 2020 on people with autism
then I could press it, I could work it in front of me and talking to
a meeting was a debate with a large team but 15 people debating and the
our conclusion was to sanction the project and now josé leitão lei 13 thousand 13 861
beyond autism then on occasion beyond those of ibge she will do a census in
2000 next year a colony will enter to ask if there is anyone
very high not in the family let's take a right hand here
the 23rd now it would be next tuesday is expected we are in victory
of the conquest of Bahia the inauguration of the airport has to talk about it
It is a great joy to open the airport of Vitória da Conquista because
ultimately represents the government's commitment to already thrill with
the government commitment infrastructure have already thrilled with bahia with the
Northeast Brazil is the largest aviation project
of Brazil is that the government continued showing commitment to the
structure and showing that the government instructor bolsonaro is a matter of
state the government will be completing this work
is delivering this work to Bahian society this is important for aviation
regional is important for state connectivity
the federal government provided 70% of the resources
this shows the success of the national civil aviation fund that contributes to the
development of regional aviation and there is also a tribute to those who
fought in the congress to bring resources for these works that come
fighting day after day forever is to bring the
resources guarantee amendments at last and this collective effort makes this
important equipment is now given an investment to the Bahian society
very good cane an airstrip was made and
takeoff on the 2,100-meter, 45-meter-wide runway is an investment in
internal path yard signaling beacon passenger terminal so
important equipment that will help receive more flights
the president inaugurated this is to be the port on the 23rd
very soon we will start to have commercial flights for the victory of
conquest then it’s a great victory for us in Bahian territory because
the first inauguration of our structure was precisely in bahia were
79 kilometers of br 235 and much more coming around
101 and 116 comes the west-east integration railway from
salvador president you are going to inaugurate in october the works are
strictly on time the spectacle of work
we have an important investment in the port of salvador
we are going to make investments in br 135 in br-030 so the crier bolsonaro is
very present in the Bahian governor president structure as you said
part of the federal appeal part of the state when the money of the people is not
it's my money or the governor's money was almost the money and you pay tax
and final point the turning point we are going to inaugurate the governor is invited to attend
keep doing the word if you want I will also do it
the environment is of the utmost tranquility peace is what we need
and wow, but there is no dispute, I’m so from the work, I don’t know who is the work of Brazil
is the money of the Brazilian citizen and we intend to invest as we are
investing in Brazil all over and more as samba says it’s not my task it comes from
previous governments the medium tarcísio is with the few
resources it has at its disposal is not to leave standing water to complete the work
we do not intend we do not intend to inaugurate anything replaces dating
start a new project but our idea is to conclude what was done
thousands of works both have a head for home only speaks in 14 thousand and 14 thousand
unfinished works that guy who is going to do a work now
for example, who has reelection next year, he must do a work now
has no appeal has been completed winning a vote by vote gives a pipe people
happens to the ex-governor happens to the president
our intention is to complete the possible module of works and avoid starting new ones
works that no one deserves the waste we have here in Brazil that jealousy
allows the president of bahia has an important news that is the guarantee of
resources for worse silva is going well
the west-east integration railway should be concessioned at the beginning of the year
coming in 2020 but the works will continue with guaranteed resources
by the federal government we had yesterday in the holy faith in argentina
I also remember here an important thing, you know?
has to do with mercosur obviously if you go to argentina paraguay and
uruguay that pomegranate fee you don't pay anymore is that we did
today an agreement and we signed it so you don't pay if that is your
cell phone and any of these mercosur countries
I think chile already has something in that direction I'm sure someone has
sure it wasn’t in 43 countries here I get along well with the sieve
I will listen to get in touch with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of
see if there is such a charge is there and here if there was one as agreed the team
defeated chile already has someone who was very cool today at the meeting there and it is not
in mercosul said jokingly or evo morales was there ours is the indian right
a decade did a relationship work we have very good asked for some things to
it was possible we will answer ok and I said at the beginning I was homesick
because it was in my possession it was enough for the press to give
understand that I vote somewhere with São Paulo sheet has nothing to do with it
then a moral evo I thank is because our government does not know that it vibrates
choked very well
there are a lot of people a lot of people went there in the front don't be there the time guys
here the beautiful black gold purse ends the party
beautiful I arrived now here ends at the party of the deputy's ox is from the forest
thick is beautiful has agent fifa the spokesperson is beautiful hairy has banana
from the land to the land where he counted in his total mercosur work he decided to go
living in italy can affect the healthy since it gave that confusion in the media
I missed evo morales has a problem I dealt with
dignity has a problem there in Rondônia de Customs and will enter into
contact with the governor although it is not the competence of the governor who is a friend
our psd as a coincidence the recipe collection
there we can improve the transit of cargo on the border of bolivia with the
Brazil comes raining and has a week in possession of the new president of the bnds left
joaquim levy good luck to him cheers entered the
gustavo montesano coincidence he knew since he was a kid nomination was from paulo
war who knew his father 40 years ago i knew montesano has about 30
years ago for things lived in the same condo we kuta in the bnds the speech
of them and being able to see on the internet is impeccable
he said that at the most two months opens the whole black box of the good woman who has
has almost half a trillion reais the pt then sends contractors delivered it to
bolivia to cuba to venezuela angola
the money will have will show you how much the interest rate was
fall back 4% a year what is a little trick like that
the guarantee is the treasure itself, that is, they are paying, I think nobody is
paying whoever has to pay the treasure that the treasure you
in exchange for a power project by the pt they did everything to
based on money to never leave power so montane will open the box
black even including individuals the person buys a small plane there that 20
million reais total legal collected there I saw the collection of this in the closed
middle of the parade nothing against it was nothing cool i feel more we will show
joão maria everyone who used the bnds that way because he is a friend of the squid and the
dilma this friend of his I obeyed with his days
counted that tremendous black box br-163 let's get there well let's go
president is worth seeing the work that is
being done at br-163 40-year-old construction, right? I always joke that General Geisel
April the captain bolsonaro will close and will close a historic shape
president because whoever is there is the Brazilian army is good
remember that the baby was opened by the 8th bec by the 9th bec battalion of construction
of the army of santarém coming in the direction of Cuiabá
in the other direction to meet halfway and again the two battalions
are together with the battalion of lages to
close this road to meriti tuba by the end of the year the work
is going very well it is worth seeing the i have received reports from
truckers who pass there every day and then my tribute the
truckers that the category that we have all the respect
already said now the asphalt is improving a lot is getting extremely
happy with what’s going on this is important that the productive sector so
exercise is giving a bath now in August if we close 20 kilometers
of paving and so walking firmly on the finish line to finish up to miritituba
until December of this year the expenses with this work made by the lowest version
that the most and the lowest contractors are like that we are very
satisfied with the result and is already giving great productivity a course there
well very reasonable contributor the quality also
exceptional age so the staff will surprise you with the quality will be
very happy with what is being done the team invited by 163 drop conversation
with it so is a whole generation of energy
that people on earth just look I'm the captain of the army not only of
artillery with the caxias is engineering that made the m
the staff works Saturday Sunday night holiday
doesn’t have this story working Sunday sunday on Monday doesn’t have time
there's nothing they get is 2% south of the then soldier who was working
direct it large area $ 25 2% south of the 25 reais
I'm going to cry here, all right, it is necessary to have a mandatory military and I don't even know
volunteer we will return but they also but
just show how it is the reality of one ordering one from a class from a
category is for another and let's go ok is to give a strength
chatted with people hearing from them is a complaint that will hear our
army personnel in the complaint the agreement can be improved that depending
from the public plenary obviously maybe go through parliament
and will try to convince parliament to parliament i've never seen parliament
against the armed forces never saw account we had no problem already
so back there the fhc government in december 2000 was drawing
aneel in december 2009 was in the name of the mother, right
so you remember that a provisional measure and discouraged the military
in the career was the pension reform they had everything military is right but not
gave us no right we don't want it at all but we don't want the
right provided for in article 7 of the convention that is the clt has been cast
but we always wait and count on the parliament, the population already counts on
printed vehicles and whether this prestige in opinion polls in the
maximum in third place as the most accepted among the other institutions
is very happy with that, but we can't forget it in schools
who are there talking about a recruit who to be a compulsory military sometimes at
back there he stays the year there working and if
can collaborate with them recognized the work I ask you want to improve
passing air I will give a good bed lying is better
film comments on something if it is possible to have an age group that
it is the oldest one so I can have a chat uncle talk with him chat give moral
for him he is sure that this is a mistake started in vans and tries to save 70 this
God's work will be completed now we will not see more on the occasion of
rains which is march april may over there that queue of 50 km of trucks
harming the producer in the flow of your room so it already happens invited me
it's closed there let's take a look at br-163 is the tejo do pará do paraná
let's get home tomorrow you will go to me will not do what goes there
inaugurate 15 kilometers of br 381 in minas presidente br-381 - one of the
most important highways we are doing the work of duplicating beautiful
horizon to governor valadares is the highway that kills the most people in brazil is
we are delivering to society 15 kilometers after a long time without
nobody in delivery then society will start to understand what we are
doing what the regional government is doing there for the infrastructure so the
people deliver this, society already announces the concession for the initiative
of 381 and 262 Espírito Santo we launched the public consultation this
week we have a contract and modern are 670 kilometers of concession of the
which will double 590 kilometers is almost 10 billion reais that will be
invested by the private sector in this duplication are contemplating president
bush truckers stop from now on the entire concession will have put
stop the trucker trucker can rest safely follow his
quiet trip this will certainly have a reflection there in the reduction of
accidents so it's a very modern contract that
I'm sure it will answer society's interests there
the user will pay a toll fee only on that single lane one
smaller value will only pay more when the track is complicated then
rates are very balanced, we are concerned with this value of
tariff also and mainly to provide a good service via duplicate of
international standard quality which is what we want this year we will not have the
daylight saving time if the decision was up to you would vote for whether or not it was the
time has not regulated the terrible agent biological clock with just one
decree my bic pen at your disposal any decree think you can
to be modified we get in touch with the sub-section of legal affairs and
who studies and if it is the case we change the decree to serve the good
of the population without going beyond the limits of the law
another thing that helps me here I had now with the event viewpoint the minister
of mines and energy what he announced for us here until here day
August 1st is me coming back I don’t know if you’re going too
in the lake of sobradinho is there in the region of bahia pernambuco
we are going to inaugurate the floating plant there did not start in our government
it was the previous government not to fear the floating horn with plaques
photovoltaic the carpet above the pond 'electricity procel the project
fully funded by the chef now that is important in all of this
something similar will be done along the channels of the transposition of san francisco
on the sides we will have photovoltaic plate over here
to feed the bombs that throw the water up to see gravity run
in the bird channels that will irrigate me our our our ally our
nowadays with debauchers, she spends 300 million a year on
electrical energy with these photovoltaic plates we we
we will spend 0 we will not have expenditure on conventional energy that we have out there
we will still inject in the line as the surplus energy
so there are 8 billion reais in the private initiative that is being
invested in this project along the channels
because i help i capital you put the photovoltaic plates in the channel points out
that he will have less with less incidence of sunlight in
consequence less evaporation more water at the line port
the project is quite smart but it will be announced by the belvedere viewpoint is
previously and is very welcome is our work also in the northeast the
brazil all the same for us there is no difference between us here because it is the
my dream is goat of the plague of carlos and diego to spread me who has family
in piauí in rio grande do norte is with this head so i'm not going to mine
family can take cause of the plague did not know to indicate today you sit the campaign
did with me in the newspaper the globe for the love of god of the game some paginators
once once elected is no small matter, I thought that northeasterners
it is terrible business regrets and true it’s no use anymore I won’t talk
one thing I have at home kept in other newspapers they used to talk absurd to us
it is also playing about the fate of the northeast
are nine states
we are victorious in five capitals so northeastern is having great power
part is that the future is to vote in the case of blue eye like me the guy is going
appearing with the northeasterner here than the captain in the future who knows
or with my brother and taking into account getting here was not able to ward off the
team I was born nine months the thing seriously
(Laughter)
at 20, the most voted federal deputy in rio de janeiro is a pleasure to have
him next to us has traveled a lot with me for he presents himself as the Swede
couldn't lose the joy of playing with people are asking for that
joy making the joke will make a joke
I'm not going to play with Flemish just because my problem was the inter where
is right but this one I pay let me see that the pain medication for
head that wants to lift the head will roll
I think maybe the last subject here in the internships to say anything else
one more thing for sale we did the concession auctions there
were 23 in the first half is has three more scheduled for August
port terminals a road mark already for September and the 31st
president we will not be together in anapolis to sign the contract of the
north-south railroad was historic too so we will have betrayed from são paulo
to maranhão from maranhão to são paulo loading with the motto loading
containing then is development is the change in the transport matrix that the
people need it so much I want to praise today to end right
newspaper the sheet of são paulo congratulations sheet of são paulo
you did the story the author is deputy marco feliciano who spoke about
the question of the future perhaps ambassador eduardo gol salvador in the united states
is the feliciano landmark was surgical I think it's even formed by
itamaraty chuto rio branco I think it's 10
first he proved there for example the supreme federal court that is not
nepotism is just boot did not even make slices of routine because most are there haddad
13 squid book right is not nepotism were you to commit the crime
then possible indication to go through a hearing in the relations committee
senate and then by the senate plenary also
and even more what is important miguel everybody would like that made the
suitcase had to be downloaded there everybody knows what you're talking about is
meritocracy president in the last years of 2003 here point me a good are
all the two diplomats who are in the united states at the time of PT will make
good brazil nothing nothing nothing because it is a political indication
politics in a bad way with a left bias
eduardo's management defending my son to the guy is a hamburger fryer
besides itabuna delivered pizza he can also put it in the article because he
delivered pizza and fried hamburg united states because he wanted to spend the
captain to perfection companies have to foresee speaking there wanted me to
first moment is not a father I thought it was cool to stay six months he will be
making six months go to work for and went to work up because I don't
was able to afford the six months in the united states
so he did a humble job who doesn’t know a pizza at home
the Brazilian goalkeeper renan who had at home the chapter of the
motorcycle for horses the project here in the chamber forbidding ooo
taxi driver enter and give in the middle of the car was a deputy in sao paulo a chinese
that if his name here he is chinese japanese his name his then we
we work where the chubby is a civil police officer and we managed to stop this
project is what arguments do you want to pick up asked the clue arrives cold
you cannot enter the separate pension you lose a medicine when you arrive
I think the patient would have died and would have all the mobility of the
motorcycle we can handle is this
this project is the elderly woman thank you thank you and major range zé eduardo did
work now speak english speak internal Spanish here work from the group
of lima on the issue of venezuela was several
sometimes the countries that countries that have to fight here in south america in this
question of looking for a way to return to normality in venezuela and one of the
great roles ambassadors of 2014 visit almost my case is one thing
I understand from the future captain whether it was the Warrant Officer the Warrant Officer
economic, benfica could be a pain in the ass are you
it cannot work right I internal health can right the dilma understood all of this null
is also stuck the other one is paying by stirring and pulling wind until today
so my role is that of the ambassador often have to have some knowledge
it can be just a business card, it’s also to do the middle of the field
there are American interests and deepen trade relations with Brazil yes
the american is interested in venezuela
mercosur meeting every time i spoke at the g20
more important than the most important we help venezuela get back to
normality to prevent other countries from entering the venezuela line i will do the
defense I intend to forward so who says that
my patience will not return any more, you know, biology six months compliment wanted
hubby is rascal in hubby is very happy with his wife six months when
the world parliamentarian of the woman to whom a new model cannot escape has already declared
be ready since ending the marriage is not appropriate
right and there will be something you look at you guys are right
being married cannot be burned
the president will still make two mega model most famous paints owls eyes range
get and suck it up look there also with eduardo presidente da crê niely
presents beginning its history of the international
and look if I want today I will never do that the 1 arrived calling
in that window or go to where you want me to put eduardo as girls
foreign relations itamaraty and the libyan embassy in brazil in the world the
people will not go 124 this is because I have to also have their missions
up to more than 200 embassies missions representations
he will command all this I cannot be a soldier in can be a general so
do not understand why this criticism by the critic
some say that he will do well if you were an unprincipled person
I could do something with the wrong thing any ministry I can
voting for the film the mystery would never do that there is not prepared
to be prepared yes to be our representative a good card
visit and make good relationships there in the united states is so if not
I'm going to vote I'm sorry I'm sure my intention is to indicate you unless
that I don’t want unless I fail the senate’s side committee or the plenary
of the senate is to regret returning to start the actions and the international
president nor in life some speak are committed millions
between 1 million and 3 thousand voters all right put it happens you can be sure in this
sea ​​that such helium in the 513 deputies is a good boy a good ambassador if the
reading much more productive with all the respect I have is that it is my
side and I'm not going over the mr who was the ambassador
the ambassador did not want the Brazilian minister until last year the total of
aloísio josé was trained
his previous life as a young driver of the sea and war has more than
curiosity enters a website there the annual minimum of warrior maggie she see what
is that this manual taught and determined by the staff to do it I don’t want
polemicize this matter, okay, of course, son, I intend to be beneficial
my son if I intend to be right I will not be able to give a peck my son from the bank
has nothing to do with filet mignon this story there nothing to do
is really we have deepened a new relationship with the country which is a
economic and military power in the world she spoke to her is catching her reveals
who does not want to speak tomorrow to ease the deputy chamber by approving the
first round of the new social security is a salty measure
I have said many times that it is like that person who needs a
chemotherapy if you are not going to do everything well but you already know that you will have a led
a red card here a few months right you have to do this renovation we are
doing everything possible not to do injustice to seek more treatment
egalitarian as possible thank you here rodrigo maia for his work in the chamber
who is critical of more patience right I am criticized rodrigo mell da via
as a woman everyone is criticized criticism being consultative is welcome but
what happens is everybody's work
there was an awareness of a large part of the parliament and the pt pc do be only
voted unanimously otherwise you see videos there for example of squid there
after TV dilma everyone knows that they have to do a social security if they squid
had done back there you can criticize me that I came back with so I had I
had a reason to vote against also that I behaved
very focused on my class I agree yes I will not deny it then I will not
polemicize and leave more subsequent reforms if brazil was approved
having the feeling is no longer peaceful is quite complicated only in brazil but in
a situation today at the very least reasonable
guys thank you very much for the audience i will pay for the mission has no condition
to do is good but decided to read the comments so as not to exceed 10
thousand comments and really he takes the most important ones he brings to us for
see where I went wrong some suggestions that I can take forward and that the
goal is to serve you, right? We respect all institutions but
we owe absolute loyalty to the Brazilian people
strong hug to all brazil above all and god above 12
just look